Document the Improved Upgrade Process in CAO 2-9 (#47)
couchbase/docs-operator: modules/ROOT/pages/concept-upgrade.adoc

[#spec-upgrade-example]
=== spec.upgrade Example

The following is a `spec.upgrade` example in the CouchbaseCluster manifest for an upgrade process:

[source,yaml]
----
upgrade:
  upgradeProcess: SwapRebalance # <.>
  upgradeStrategy: RollingUpgrade # <.>
  rollingUpgrade:
    maxUpgradable: 1
    maxUpgradablePercent: 100%
  stabilizationPeriod: 10s # <.>
  previousVersionPodCount: 0 # <.>
  upgradeOrderType: Nodes # <.>
  upgradeOrder:
    - node-1
    - node-2
----

The upgrade example explanation is as follows:

<.> `upgradeProcess` supports `SwapRebalance` or `InPlaceUpgrade`, and defaults to `SwapRebalance` when you don't specify a value.
The selected `upgradeStrategy` determines how `SwapRebalance` creates pods running the upgraded version.
To use `InPlaceUpgrade`, set the strategy to `rollingUpgrade`.

** During a `SwapRebalance`, the Operator selects one or more candidate pods and creates new pods for each candidate.
The Operator rebalances data from the existing pods to the new pods and then deletes the candidate pods.

** During an `InPlaceUpgrade`, the Operator selects one or more candidate pods and fails them over.

> The Operator detaches the volumes from those pods, replaces them with pods running the new cluster version, and rebinds the existing volumes to the new pods.

Reviewer: This should be "This process completes faster than a `SwapRebalance`

This process completes faster than a `SwapRebalance`, and the Operator retains the pod names and network settings for the updated pods.

<.> `upgradeStrategy` determines how `SwapRebalance` creates new pods by using either `RollingUpgrade` or `ImmediateUpgrade`.
To use `InPlaceUpgrade`, set the strategy to `rollingUpgrade`.

** `rollingUpgrade` upgrades a predetermined number of pods at a time, which limits risk and simplifies rollback.
Because this strategy uses the least network and compute resources, it minimizes impact on client operations.

** `ImmediateUpgrade` increases risk and resource utilization during the upgrade but completes the operation faster.
Because the strategy upgrades all pods at the same time, it can cause an adverse impact on client performance.

<.> `stabilizationPeriod` lets you control how long the Operator waits between upgrade cycles and gives you time to check cluster health and service availability.

<.> `previousVersionPodCount` instructs the Operator to keep a fixed number of pods running the previous cluster version.
This setting supports rollbacks or an extended `StabilizationPeriod` for the final pods during a cluster upgrade.

> Couchbase Server considers the upgrade process complete only when all pods run the new cluster version.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Couchbase Server considers the upgrade process complete only when all pods are running the new cluster version.
```

Reviewer 2: I could be wrong here; so it's just a suggestion.

For example, you were upgrading Couchbase Server version from 7.6.7 to 8.0.0, and encountered issues.
If these issues require rollback, update the `spec.image` field to change the version back to 7.6.7 in the manifest as follows:

[source,yaml]
---
apiVersion: couchbase.com/v2
kind: CouchbaseCluster
metadata:
  name: my-couchbase-cluster
spec:
  image: couchbase/server:7.6.7
---

=== Controlled Upgrades

The Operator lets you control the upgrade process by using the fields in `couchbasecluster.spec.upgrade`.
For example, as an Administrator, you can use these fields to upgrade pods based on their availability region or the Couchbase Server services they run.
Also, you can upgrade pods running the Data Service before those running the Query Service, or upgrade specific pods in a defined order.

NOTE: While the cluster runs pods on two versions, the Operator marks the cluster as Mixed Mode and restricts features such as bucket migration and sidecar changes.
Keep the time spent in this mode to a minimum.

=== Upgrading Pods

> Kubernetes pods are immutable.

Reviewer: Should be "by using the same process as upgrading or rolling back pods."
